Lesson #1: STILLE NACHT/SILENT NIGHT - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNbjVh950Xs

Lesson #2: ANGELS WE HAVE HEARD ON HIGH - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETqDk68lbzg

Lesson #3: O TANNENBAUM/O CHRISTMAS TREE - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwKMqZrq0uI

Lesson #4: RUDOLPH THE RED-NOSED REINDEER - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEtDNPyeH1E

Lesson #5: MORGEN KOMMT DER WEIHNACHTSMANN - Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0sZFU1-rV8

Lesson #6: LAST CHRISTMAS (PART 1) - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEZGeF74Csw

Lesson #7: LAST CHRISTMAS (PART 2) - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsTtln_R6wY
RIP George Michael (1963 - 2016): LAST CHRISTMAS - Fingerstyle Ukulele
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OU9CpklQXBY

Lesson #8: LITTLE DRUMMER BOY - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpEnMDXD-6c

Lesson #9: STILLE NACHT/SILENT NIGHT (played with HARMONICS!) - Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ2IqUOnFuY

Lesson #10: JINGLE BELLS - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks-IyYlZbHI

Lesson #11: EL NOI DE LA MARE - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHb6l8hOobs

Lesson #12: ICH GEH MIT MEINER LATERNE - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7aWnEvfeTA
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #2: ICH GEH MIT MEINER LATERNE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2C2EnZYgCw

Lesson #13: LASST UNS FROH UND MUNTER SEIN - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPZei_ib2dU
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #6: LASST UNS FROH UND MUNTER SEIN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVq_qMdDT7A

Lesson #14: AM WEIHNACHTSBAUM DIE LICHTER BRENNEN - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kDKb8Wjxg8
CHRISTMAS UKULELE #3: AM WEIHNACHTSBAUM DIE LICHTER BRENNEN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7ZCXZZWkXw

Lesson #15: SCHNEEFLÖCKCHEN; WEISSRÖCKCHEN - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ac48_WnU88
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #8: SCHNEEFLÖCKCHEN WEISSRÖCKCHEN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d1u_1d23gQ

Lesson #16: WERST MEI LIACHT UME SEI - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xe6uMrHcX2w
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #4: WERST MEI LIACHT UME SEIN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL7z2R5ZFqo

Lesson #17: LEISE RIESELT DER SCHNEE - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6JlhXQ9MLE
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #14: LEISE RIESELT DER SCHNEE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwnIgmt0bII

Lesson #18: ES IST EIN ROS' ENTSPRUNGEN - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sU0C_-Xgw2Q

Lesson #19: HEIDSCHI BUMBEIDSCHI - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJqSbjZjsYo
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #1: HEIDSCHI BUMBEIDSCHI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NZys2pxzFw

Lesson #20: ES WIRD SCHO GLEI DUMPA - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9qrYcN546o
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #10: ES WIRD SCHO GLEI DUMPA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-k567io3QM

Lesson #21: IHR KINDERLEIN KOMMET - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGNU83hDJrs
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #5: IHR KINDERLEIN KOMMET
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNz3M1PIyC8

Lesson #22: IN THE BLEAK MIDWINTER - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOYdVB2OtwY

Lesson #23: THE FIRST NOWELL - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8ndD574dow
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #13: THE FIRST NOWELL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvFgojXWw58

Lesson #24: THIS CHRISTMASTIDE - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajX--lVcBL8
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #12: THIS CHRISTMASTIDE (JESSYE'S CAROL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k-rBmhADog

Lesson #25: GOOD KING WENCESLAS - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6tgHICOhA0
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #15: GOOD KING WENCESLAS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHYAr5hiVLs

Lesson #26: DECK THE HALLS - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO2371pFIg8

Lesson #27: GESU BAMBINO (Luciano Pavarotti Version) - Fingerstyle Instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GzLMaiQqUU

Lesson #28: GO TELL IT ON THE MOUNTAIN - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbkzT4EU4MA
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #7: GO TELL IT ON THE MOUNTAIN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXbW-EXVcrg

Lesson #29: THE HURON CAROL - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgBnp3utmVE
CHRISTMAS Ukulele #9: HURON CAROL (TWAS IN THE MOON OF WINTERTIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIBzXyjhBm4

Lesson #30: JOLLY OLD SAINT NICHOLAS - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oBGWT0PKig

Lesson #31: ALLE JAHRE WIEDER - Fingerstyle Instrumental Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFvKYHrSG-o
